# MORE SLOTS

## DESCRIPTION

A slot machine (American English), informally fruit machine (British English), puggy (Scottish English slang), the slots (Canadian and American English), poker machine (or pokies in slang) (Australian English and New Zealand English) or simply slot (American English), is a casino gambling machine with three or more reels which spin when a button is pushed. Slot machines are also known as one-armed bandits because they were originally operated by one lever on the side of the machine as opposed to a button on the front panel, and because of their ability to leave the player in debt and impoverished.

MORE SLOTS is a nautical style slot machine. This game is modelled after the classic, three reel, 7 symbols slot machine.  The game is based on a randomly generated by computer numbers, so it is entirely luck based.

## TECHNOLOGIES USED

MORE Slots is a simple slot machine game made in Javascript for HTML5. jQuery is used to handle DOM manipulations, and CSS is used for styling.

CAUTION: This game uses overly simplified logic. Never use this in a slot machine that deals with real money. 

## GETTING STARTED

This is a simple slot machine. The player hits the Spin Reels button to start the game. The starting balance is 1000, and the staring bet is 10. The player can update the bet every time before spinning reels. The game is over when the balance equals or less than 4.

To learn more about how to play MORE SLOTS, click here: https://laimye.github.io/slot-machine/instructions.html 

To play the game, please click here: https://laimye.github.io/slot-machine/ 

## NEXT STEPS

Some advanced features are planned to be implemented in the next version (v2) of the game, such as:
1.	Add diagonal winning combination;
2.	Add bonus picture that will allow to win more credits when hits winning combination;
3.	Display trends – results of the last 10 plays.

Good luck!
